Update store-apps-windows.md (#2996)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/apps/store-apps-windows.md

2. Select **Apps** > **All apps** > **Add**.
3. In the **Select app type** pane, under the available **Store app** types, select **Microsoft store app**.
4. Click **Select**. The **Add app** steps are displayed.

> 5. To configure the **App information** for Microsoft store apps, navigate to the [Microsoft store](https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps), Click on **Open Store Apps** and search for the app you want to deploy. Display the app page and make a note of the app details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To configure the **App information** for Microsoft store apps, navigate to the [Microsoft store](https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps), select **Open Store Apps**, and search for the app you want to deploy. Display the app page and make a note of the app details. 
```
